hello everyone just a quick video to let
people know that there seems to be a
problem with the PSN with the free month
legends special membership that there
was the one that I've got is the one
that was from 2011 but they've done
another one recently that was this just
finished it was in August up to the 2nd
of September it's meant to be $19.99 for
free months from the 4th at best for the
UK price not sure what it is in the
euros price but this seems to be
affecting everybody from the EU
PlayStation server I have I have made a
Fred on the on the DC forum about it and
I did get a reply from MEPs saying that
he was going to follow it up but it
seems to be a problem with the PSN store
and we should get in contact with them
which I've sent them an email and
haven't heard anything back from them in
the Fred as well I made there's been a
few other people have posted in it they
have tried to email in and Eva haven't
had any luck or they've had to call them
and been put on hold quite a bit so it
doesn't seem to be a thing that's
getting sorted I think this is
definitely going to be a massive problem
for a lot of people because at the
moment I think a lot of people's
subscriptions are not coming up my one
as you can see on the picture is
supposed to renew on the 3rd of October
so a lot of the people that would have
got it from about 2011 will get problems
all around that kind of time and I know
they've been doing this this special
package every year now as well so
there's that I know that the people that
have posts in the Fred that I made have
been saying that they've all been
charged five pounds more this is not
something that we will agree to we all
agreed to the $19.99 for the free
month's special legendary Legends
membership thing and it was not supposed
to change price unless we unsub and then
it would go back to the ordinary
three-month price which is either 27 or
28 pounds or whatever it is so this
isn't this isn't the right price this is
not what the price is meant to be it's
meant to still be 1999 the reason I'm
doing this this video is because I don't
think a lot of people that play DC on
the EU PlayStation server go on the DC
forum and might not have seen the post
that I made there and I just want
everyone to be aware of this so that
because I know that there's been people
that have only had 20 pounds on their
account and then there something get
renewed because of not having enough
money in their wallets so I think this
is gonna cause a lot of problems for a
lot of the the players who own these
special memberships and I think a lot of
people are not aware of this problem the
only reason I knew if found out about
this problem was because I wanted to get
a second
legendary membership for my daughter's
account and when I went to the store
because it was supposed to be on a
special free month price again I thought
is going to be $19.99 I checked the
price and it came up on there for $24.99
so I already knew that something wasn't
quite right so I checked my services
list and this is why it shows up it
shows up $24.99 instead of the agreed
$19.99 so I will post the the Fred that
I made on the DC forum I will post the
link to that in the description below
this video so if you've been affected by
this hopefully you're getting go onto
the click the link and go to the DC
forum and post that you're having
problems as well I think the more people
that post there the quicker that this
might get sorted for us because I think
this is going to be a really big problem
once it gets around the October kind of
time I think a lot of people's subs are
not going to get renewed and there's
going to be a lot of angry people I
think this will only get sorted if
enough people post on that Fred and make
themselves heard so anyway thanks for
watching and if you if you can't find
the services list go on on Pia
free or on ps4 go to go to the PSN
option and then its account information
or whatever it is and then scroll down
and it's somewhat was the bottom
services list click on there and it
should be all the things that you've
you've you've even got memberships for
raw or DLCs and stuff for and it'll be
somewhere there's where your PSN Plus
service thing is as well it's all in
that one place in the services list and
then you can click on the DC Universe 1
and it will show all the items that you
bought and then it will say something
about your subscription click there
click on top of that and it'll bring up
the the picture the screen that I've got
for this video so hopefully this will
help ask people in the on the EU server
get this sorted once and for all before
a annoys everybody and everyone loses
their subs and their special prices ok
thank you everybody for watching and
make sure you check out the description
below for the link thank you bye